I'm going to show you guys how to find
and vet really good trading strategies.
This strategy has an 80% win rate and an
8% drawdown. And this is a free strategy
available in the trade tactics discord
which the link is down in the
description if you want to come and find
this. It's just in the working scripts
tab. And once you're here, this is the
first. There are people thinking the
creator posting real results as well.
Tons of different trades here. Plus 33%
plus 66% plus 76%. And I've converted
the strategy itself to Pinescript
version 6. So if you don't have Trading
View yet, just go to tradingview.com and
click on supercharts to access the
charts. And then we're going to open up
the Pinescript tab, which is in the
right hand corner here down on the
bottom right corner. There's a tree and
it says pine. You want to click that.
Then once you're in here, you're going
to want to just click create new. If
this isn't already empty, click just
create new indicator or strategy. And
then whatever's in here, you just want
to delete that so it's completely blank.
Then once you have the full open source
script here, this is the one on Discord.
You want to download the entire code.
You don't want to just expand the lines
here because it cuts off and you won't
be able to copy everything. So you want
to click the dots and click the download
button. Once it's downloaded, you can
open it up and you just want to copy the
entire uh code. So you can just select
all and then hit copy or C. Now we can
just paste all of that. Make sure this
is completely blank into trading view.
So I've hit the paste button. Now I'm
going to add it to the chart. Next up,
we are going to just pick. There's so
many different settings and
configurations that people have posted.
I'm just scrolling down to this one.
Again, this is actually a little bit
better than before. So, we're going to
use it has 82% win rate with only a 6%
draw down. And they're saying they're
using the Bitcoin 1 hour chart. So, now
that I'm on the Bitcoin 1 hour chart, I
just have the default settings here,
sensitive and decay period. And they've
copied all of these themselves. So,
they've screenshot what the settings
should be. So, I'm just going to map
these on and enter them all in. Okay,
all my settings here are correct. The
last thing that I had to do was change
it from I to go to the properties tab
and change it from quantity to percent
of equity. It wasn't that by default,
but I just 100 for each. And then boom,
we got the exact same results as
screenshot 82% win rate and a 6% draw
down. So, what would be good to have? It
looks like there are very few trades in
here, only 39. So on a deep back test,
we would it would remain to be seen
doing some out of sample testing as well
and maybe even Monte Carlo simulations
as well. Like I've shown you in previous
videos on the channel, always be
prudent, right, with these strategies.
Never just yolo into them. Make sure
that you're really stress testing them
properly. This is just showing you guys
how I will find strategies. This is the
very first step, but we would take it
into those other subsequent tests, which
I will do in other videos. So on Trading
View, that might look like splicing up
your back test. This one's January 1st
to August 1st. So we would do different
windows of time or we could walk forward
with putting the signals out and then
paper trading it to test performs in
real time on a test account. We could do
various things. We could do this in
Python where we randomize the
candlesticks do some more stress. How
does it respond to price pattern for the
next indicator for the next strategy we
are going through this is an 84.62%
win rate with a 3.65%
net draw down. What we have to know
we're going to test it out. We're going
to have to obviously do the same stress
test as well. We're going to check this
and put it on our trading view to map it
out. And this is a pretty impressive
graph. It's pretty line linearly up.
Total closed trades is 65. I would, you
know, like to see that be a little bit
higher so we have a bigger sample size.
But again, with stress tests, you never
know. So, you know, we could always find
some good parameter sets that are
actually robust in every single uh
situation. You never really know, but
you have to check. This one is the Lance
Algo strategy in the trade tactics
discord. So I'm clicking this one here
and the indicator is right here. So just
scrolling to the top and we're going to
download this script from here and
copying it directly into trading view.
Now again in Trading View to open the
Pine Script tab. It's just in the bottom
right hand corner here. This little pine
tree once it's added to chart. We are
going to tune the parameters as well.
And the settings are posted right in the
discord as well. So I'm going to enter
these right now. So this was the
configuration that they gave and over
the last 30 days it has formed you know
82% win rate 6% draw down and you know
it's made in 1 month it's made 22%
profit so not too shabby you know the
graph looks pretty good again we need to
do more tests this right here you know
you want to find a configuration that's
generalized we don't want the parameters
hyper specific parameters that will
break if there's a challenging market
but overall you know it has a dashboard
showing the profit up top corner and
also projections as well the stop-loss
and personal profit. Really cool. The
other thing that we can do if we want to
understand how what's under the hood
here and just we can ask AI. So I can
copy the strategy and we can just go
into our Gemini and just ask how the
pine script works in general terms. So
there's my prompt in general terms. How
does it work under the hood? And here's
the explanation. It basically just
checks if the Fibonacci level is crossed
as well. It's a trade a trend following
strategy. So, pretty handy to
understand, you know, how it all works.
If you can't just interpret the code
yourself just by looking at it, it can
summarize it very quickly. Now, the last
one we're actually looking at here is a
multiple EMA reverse scalper right here
in the disc. Now, we're going to test
this, put it to the test. This one here
looks fairly promising. There's settings
for multiple different coins, which is
good. So, uh for Salana or R&DR, uh
Madic as well and AGIX. So, we're that
is always a green flag if it's more
generalized to different coins. So,
let's put it on our chart and test it
again. Stress testing is essential when
vetting whether these are good enough to
put any money in or to b possibly build
off an ad. So now I'm downloading the
script and once it's on your chart, you
always want to make sure that the
capital, the default order size, all of
this uh fixed. So you just want to make
sure that that's So here we are on the
Salana 5minut chart and you know this is
this is not half bad. Obviously we got
to test for curve fitting. We got to
make sure we test other data not just
this one window that we have. But it
does have a 73% win rate on the 5-minute
chart and 30% net draw on which 5minute
chart is very choppy. So you never uh
fully know uh how it's going to work
out. And what it says it does it has
five EMAs, Ballinger bands and elastic
RSI. So all of the EMAs must be in the
same direction. So they're all aligned
and the is an overextension. So it is a
mean reversion meaning it counter trend.
So it's scalping a reverse. So, when the
price exits the Ballinger band, it tries
to find quick reversal. All right. Now,
you might be thinking, "Well, that's
cool. I mean, I like a strategy. I have
it all figured out. Now, I want to trade
live with it. I just have it on Trading
View. What can I do?" Well, you can go
up to the alert button and now it has
condition. What you're going to want is
to select your strategy that you want to
trade on. So, let's say that we want to
trade on this one. This is the IMBA Algo
Street. We're on the 15-minute rosed
chart. So, we will just select that from
here. Make sure our strategy is selected
with the correct settings that we like
and with the interval same as the chart.
Now, for the message, um you're going to
want to just click on the message here
to pop it out and just type in an alert
name and delete this. Now, for the
message to connect it up to your real
exchange account, you're going to have
to sign up for a quick Signal Swap
account. Signal Swap executes trades in
milliseconds. I'm a developer for it and
it's free to use. So you can sign up for
buy bit, Apex or Pinex and get trading.
So Apex for example, if you click create
account through the signal swap
platform, it will take you with a
referral link. You need the referral to
be able to get free access on Signal. So
once you click that and sign up with the
referral link, head over to the API
section. So API management, click the
top right, the drop-own API management,
and you want to generate an API key. So,
select a name, click trade for it, and
you just want it in uh unrestricted for
now cuz signal swap doesn't have any uh
specific IPs. And once you have done
that, click confirm. And these are all
the keys you need for trading. So,
you're going to want to copy these and
input them into the signal swap form.
So, on Signal Swap, once you log into
your account and go over to the
dashboard, the first thing you're going
to want to do is scroll down on the
dashboard and find the ad exchange
button right here. And you can select
whichever exchange you want. So once you
select that, Pinex, you need to have a
paid signal swap account because they
don't have a referral system that works
with with this, but Bybit works. And
Apex doesn't have KYC. They're more
decentralized. So I'm just going with
Apex Pro. And then if you actually have
an account, then just click you have the
referred account. Or if you have not
done that, click sign up. It'll take you
back to Apex. So once you have that,
here are the inputs that you can see.
There are all the instructions here. So
if you want to follow along through the
video or just follow along step by step,
you can do that. So just copying all of
these in. And then for the omni key,
that is the last one. So on Apex, once
you've selected all of these and filled
them out, click done. And it will create
your new API key. I'm just deleting it
for now cuz I've shown the keys on
screen. But for this, you want to click
omni and then click the check box for I
understand and click next to reveal it.
Then once you have that, head back and
paste it in here for the omni. Then you
can click link Apex account. Now, if you
get the free account restriction
message, so this will pop up if you
haven't used the Apex referral link. So,
just click use referral link and it'll
actually sign up for Apex referral, but
it will give you a confirmation message
that it's seated if you've used the
proper signup link and it will appear
here in your connected exchanges as
well. So, you can create a bot. Now,
this is where we're going to bind
Trading View to. So, click the create
bot and then just click any any bot
name. So I'm going to do Apex test bot
and we're going to select the exchange
with that we just linked. And now for
the trending pair we want it to match
the actual chart we have here. So we're
on rose USD T chart. Now uh Bybit has
the Rose USDT. Uh Apex does not. So you
know you could use either or reconfigure
for a different coin but I'm just
selecting this one here on Bybit for a
Bybit demo account. need a premium
account, but you can use the regular
accounts as well for free using. So, I'm
going to put in $1,000 per trade and
then position size a,000. And I can
either choose flat order size, meaning
every trade is the same, or it could do
profit reinvest, meaning percent of. So,
it would start with a position size
a,000, and if I make a percent, that's
$100. Each order will be $1,100. Once
I'm happy with the other settings here,
market or limit order, cross margin,
dialing in the leverage. I can also
enable uh takeprofit or stop loss just
for safety. I can click the next button
which it will generate our trading view
web hook and alert message. So this is
where we want to go back trading view.
Want to copy these hit that copy button
and then on the alert panel here you can
pop up the message and the notification
right here. So message pop this up and
paste the full alert message here. Once
you click out of it it'll be green
meaning that succeeded. Then click back
and then we want to go to the web hook
box. paste the web hook we got from
Signal Swap right here. I'm going to
copy and paste that in right to the web
hook right there. And you don't want to
share that with anyone because that'll
give people access to opening trade that
secret. Once I click apply and create,
it will show up and it'll take all of
the settings that I've configured right
here. And those are the settings that
are going to use to trade live. So once
a signal pops up here, there will be a
little alert in your alerts panel. It'll
show up in your alerts history as well.
And that is going to trade live. So in
order to actually enable that, you just
got firm with the bot. Uh deploy the bot
on. So it's creating now. Going to
actually reserve all of these settings
for you on signals. Once it's done, the
page will reload and you should see it
highlighted right here. This is the bot.
So we have it created. It's live and
armed. So real signals will will
execute. As long as you have funds in
the account, it will trade. If there's
not enough funds, then the signal will
fail. And you'll be able to see whether
it succeeded or failed. I'm going to
here in the trade history tab. Popped it
out. You can see all the open trades
here. No active positions right now. And
then the trade history tab right here.
This is where all the trade will be.
You'll be able to loss. You can see all
the charts and everything you need. And
if it's profitable over a two-month
period, then the publishing requirements
will be met to publish it to the
marketplace. And then you can make 70%
of the revenue on it. You could set any
price you want and when people
subscribe, you'll get paid out for this.
But it genuinely has to be profitable.
And you can even bind back testing
reports to it as well. So you can do
back testing on Signal Swap. On the back
testing tab, the back testing server is
down right now, but hopefully very soon
by the time maybe you watch the video,
the back testing will be back up. But
you click and drag your Pine Script in
and it will automatically do all of the
testing and tuning for you. Meaning when
you go on Trading View and you tinker
around with the settings here. So for
example, if I change all the all of
these numbers, Signal Swap does that all
for you. And it also randomizes the
candlesticks, tests over different time
periods to see if there's any parameter
combination in existence that can hold
up to true stress tests because some of
them don't. Let's say if you go out of
sync in a in a new window or there's new
candlesticks, maybe the the trading bot
collapses, but signal swap takes care of
all of that for you. So it runs th
hundreds thousands of sim simulations
and then it gives you the best uh result
and whether it passed or failed. So you
can see here I did a test here in the
history. This was a simple EMA and it
did in sample, out of sample, Monte
Carlo. And here we have the results. So
it says not robust. There was no setting
that passed the robust, but you can, you
know, you could check the full report
and it tells you how many combinations
you tested as well. I just did 100 EMA
combinations, but you could do hundreds
of thousands if not millions and it
happens all automatically, hands off and
hyper fast. So there are other tools for
Trading View that will do deep tests for
you automatically um but those are very
slow. Trading View servers are extremely
slow. We're talking the difference
between one back test every 10 seconds,
thousands of back tests every second.
That's why I'm so hyped to present this
to you guys. So hopefully this will very
shortly. So I'm just showing this out
really cuz this one of the coolest
features that I've ever developed uh and
had a hand in developing. Very, very
proud of it. Now what's left now that we
have our bot live, all we'd have to do
is wait to see how it performs. Usually
with these trading bots, there will be a
handful of bots that really perform well
and some of them just don't perform well
in real time. So I usually will turn it
off if it hits, you know, minus 20 25%.
And I have a whole bot army going where
the trading bots that are doing well, I
increase the order sizes and so on and
so so I just build trust with my bots
and my arsenal. Not all of them are
going to work in every market. There is
draw down in every single bot. There's
not perfect bot out there. They're all
going to have loss streaks. There's
going to be periods where the market
just accepts choppy or flat or it's
going to be low volume and the signals
get very confusing. So that is why you
just remain open and you remain
optimistic and you manage your bots
properly. You don't just set them and
walk away. This is a whole process of
tuning, learning, and configuring. So if
you have any questions, comment down
below and I'll do my best to answer any
question that you have. If you haven't
subscribed to the channel yet, now is a
great time to do it. if you like the
bell notification icon to get notified
when I do fresh uploads as well as I
might do giveaways for signal swap in
the future for trading bots on the
marketplace that I've posted on there. I
will see you in the next